Tiktok Pixel Destination (#5128)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-tiktok-pixel/index.md

**Benefits**
- **Build marketing audiences**: Create Custom Audiences based on website visitor events, like viewing a product page or making a purchase. Audiences can be used to re-engage previous site visitors or model lookalikes to find new customers. 
- **Optimize ad delivery**: Target audiences that are more likely to initiate a website event by setting an optimization goal on visitor events like add to cart, view page or purchase. 
- **Measure campaign performance**: Measure your ad performance and return on ad spend (ROAS) based on a series of conversion events you define.

This destination is maintained by Tiktok. For any issues with the destination, [contact their Support team](mailto:segmenteng@bytedance.com).

{% include content/ajs-upgrade.md %}

## Getting started

1. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**, then click **Destinations**.
2. Find the Destinations Actions item in the left navigation, and click it.

> 3. Click **Configure TikTok Pixel**.

Reviewer: These steps are slightly incorrect.

> 4. Select an existing Source to connect to TikTok Pixel.

Reviewer: Maybe explain that the Source should be a Javascript Source?

5. Give Destination a name.

> 6. On the Settings screen, provide Pixel Code and toggle "Use Existin Pixel" to use existing Pixel that is already installed on your website.

Reviewer: I'm thinking we could explain this a little more clearly. Maybe explain that the customer has the option having Segment load the TikTok pixel JS or the customer can tell Segment to use an existing TikTok Pixel JS which is already on the website...? Maybe this could use its own section with its own heading? Perhaps we'd also want to explain if there are any benefits or drawbacks of both approaches?

Also I think we might need to change the code slightly - for example should the Pixel Code setting field be required if the customer decides to use their own Pixel?

7. Toggle on the Destination.
8. Hit the Save Change button.

**Mappings Enabled by Default**

After setting up the Destination, seven mappings will be enabled by default. You can click on the mappings tab to view and edit these mappings.

- **View Content**: When a page is viewed
- **Search**: When a search is made
- **Add to Wishlist**: When an item is added to a wishlist
- **Add to Cart**: When an item is added to the shopping cart
- **Initiate Checkout**: When the checkout process is started
- **Add Payment Info**: When payment information is added in the checkout flow
- **Place an Order**: When an order is placed

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

## Getting Started with Pixel & Obtaining Pixel Code
Please refer to the [TikTok Help Center documentation](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/get-started-pixel?redirected=2) to learn more about how to get started with TikTok Pixel. Once the Pixel is created, please retrieve the Pixel Code from TikTok Events Manager (TTEM).

## PII Requirement & Validation

> The email addresses and phone numbers need to be hashed using SHA-256 before they are sent to TikTok. Please normalize and hash the PIIs before sending them to Segment. In addition, TikTok Pixel Destination will validate all web events before forwarding them to TikTok.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this paragraph will be confusing for customers? 
I don't believe the customer needs to hash email or phone numbers before sending them to Segment? Instead, Segment will hash those values before sending them on to TikTok Pixel, isn't that correct?

> **Important notes for passing PIIs**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important notes for passing PII**
```

**Emails**
- Must reduce all letters into lowercase prior to hashing.
- Leading/Trailing spaces need to be trimmed before hashing.
- Do not perform any other types of normalization on emails prior to hashing.

> - Only sha-256 is accepted. Here is the [recommended package](https://github.com/emn178/js-sha256).

Reviewer: This this paragraph provide instructions for the customer? Or does it explain what the TikTok Pixel Destination will do with an email address before it forwards it to TikTok?

**Phone Numbers**
- Normalize your phone numbers to E164 format, a combination of+{country code}{phone number}.
- Recommend using [this package](https://github.com/catamphetamine/libphonenumber-js) for E164 parsing.

> - Only sha-256 is accepted. Here is the [recommended package](https://github.com/emn178/js-sha256).

Reviewer: I think this paragraph should explain that only phone numbers matching a certain format will be forwarded on to TikTok. We could also explain the format a little better?

**External IDs**

> - Leading/Trailing spaces need to be trimmed before hashing.

Reviewer: Maybe we should explain that Segment will trim spaces for identifiers before forwarding on to TikTok?

---

> title: [integration_name] Destination

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: TikTok Pixel Destination
```

---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

> [TikTok Pixel](https://ads.tiktok.com/marketing_api/docs?id=1739583652957185) is a piece of code that you can place on your website that allows you to share website events with TikTok. With any of our TikTok for Business Tools, the pixel can help you measure traffic on your website, measure ad campaign performance, optimize your campaigns and find new customers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[TikTok Pixel](https://ads.tiktok.com/marketing_api/docs?id=1739583652957185){:target="_blank"} is a piece of code that you can place on your website that allows you to share website events with TikTok. With TikTok for Business Tools, the Pixel can help you measure traffic on your website, measure ad campaign performance, optimize your campaigns, and find new customers.
```

> **Benefits**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Benefits of TikTok Pixel
```

Use data collected from TikTok Pixel to:

> - **Build marketing audiences**: Create Custom Audiences based on website visitor events, like viewing a product page or making a purchase. Audiences can be used to re-engage previous site visitors or model lookalikes to find new customers. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Build marketing audiences**: Create custom Audiences based on website visitor events, like viewing a product page or making a purchase. Audiences can be used to re-engage previous site visitors or model lookalikes to find new customers. 
```

> - **Optimize ad delivery**: Target audiences that are more likely to initiate a website event by setting an optimization goal on visitor events like add to cart, view page or purchase. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Optimize ad delivery**: Target Audiences that are more likely to initiate a website event by setting an optimization goal on visitor events like add to cart, view page, or purchase. 
```

- **Measure campaign performance**: Measure your ad performance and return on ad spend (ROAS) based on a series of conversion events you define.

> This destination is maintained by Tiktok. For any issues with the destination, [contact their Support team](mailto:segmenteng@bytedance.com).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This destination is maintained by TikTok. For any issues with the destination, [contact TikTok's Support team](mailto:segmenteng@bytedance.com).
```

{% include content/ajs-upgrade.md %}

## Getting started

1. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**, then click **Destinations**.

> 2. Search for the 'TikTok Pixel' in the search bar, and then click on the Destination named 'TikTok Pixel'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Search for "TikTok Pixel" in the search bar, then click on the Destination "TikTok Pixel".
```

3. Click **Add Destination**.
4. Select an existing JavaScript Source to connect to TikTok Pixel.
5. Give the Destination a name.
6. On the Settings screen, provide the Pixel Code. This can be found in the TikTok Events Manager (TTEM).

>     - Ensure that the "Use Existing Pixel" field is 'off' if you want Segment to load the TikTok Pixel JavaScript code onto your website.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Ensure that the Use Existing Pixel field is **off** if you want Segment to load the TikTok Pixel JavaScript code onto your website.
```

>     - Ensure that the "Use Existing Pixel" field is 'on' if you want Segment to detect and keep using the exsiting TikTok Pixel JavaScript snippet which has already been loaded on your website.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Ensure that the Use Existing Pixel field is **on** if you want Segment to detect and keep using the existing TikTok Pixel JavaScript snippet which has already been loaded on your website.
```

> 7. Toggle on the Destination using the 'Enable Destination' toggle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Toggle on the Destination using the **Enable Destination** toggle.
```

> 8. Hit the Save Change button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Click **Save Change**.
```

> **Mappings Enabled by Default**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Mappings enabled by default
```

> After setting up the Destination, seven mappings will be enabled by default. You can click on the mappings tab to view and edit these mappings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After setting up the Destination, Segment enables seven mappings by default. You can click on the mappings tab to view and edit these mappings.
```

- **View Content**: When a page is viewed
- **Search**: When a search is made
- **Add to Wishlist**: When an item is added to a wishlist
- **Add to Cart**: When an item is added to the shopping cart
- **Initiate Checkout**: When the checkout process is started
- **Add Payment Info**: When payment information is added in the checkout flow
- **Place an Order**: When an order is placed

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

> ## Getting Started with Pixel & Obtaining Pixel Code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Getting started with Pixel and obtaining Pixel code
```

> Please refer to the [TikTok Help Center documentation](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/get-started-pixel?redirected=2) to learn more about how to get started with TikTok Pixel. Once the Pixel is created, please retrieve the Pixel Code from TikTok Events Manager (TTEM).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [TikTok Help Center documentation](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/get-started-pixel?redirected=2){:target="_blank"} to learn more about how to get started with TikTok Pixel. Once the Pixel is created, please retrieve the Pixel Code from TikTok Events Manager (TTEM).
```

## Advanced Matching

> Advanced Matching helps you optimize your TikTok ads and drive performance by matching customer information with TikTok users. Hashed customer information can be shared with any TikTok event to attribute more conversions, build bigger audiences and improve campaign optimization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Advanced Matching helps you optimize your TikTok ads and drive performance by matching customer information with TikTok users. Hashed customer information can be shared with any TikTok event to attribute more conversions, build bigger audiences, and improve campaign optimization.
```

There are two types of Advanced Matching: manual or automatic.

**Manual Advanced Matching** is the passing of customer information to TikTok from your website. With this option, you have the flexibility to configure what information and for which event you want to pass to TikTok. This will be enabled automatically if PIIs are included in the Pixel events sent from TikTok Pixel Destination.

> When email and/or phone number values are sent to TikTok, TikTok will try to match TikTok users using the PIIs that were sent to TikTok. If both email and phone number values are not sent to TikTok, TikTok will try to match TikTok users using IP and user-agent values that are included in the Pixel event payload.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When email and/or phone number values are sent to TikTok, TikTok will try to match users with the PII you send to TikTok. If you don't send email or phone number values, TikTok will try to match users with IP and user-agent values that are included in the Pixel event payload.
```

> **Automatic Advanced Matching** is when advertisers instruct TikTok to automatically identify form fields on pages where Pixel is installed and to hash and collect email and phone numbers entered on those pages for ad measurement and attribution purposes. Learn more about Automatic Advanced Matching and how to turn it on in [TikTok help center](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/advanced-matching-web?lang=en).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Automatic Advanced Matching** is when advertisers instruct TikTok to automatically identify form fields on pages where Pixel is installed and to hash and collect email and phone numbers entered on those pages for ad measurement and attribution purposes. Learn more about Automatic Advanced Matching and how to turn it on in [TikTok help center](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/advanced-matching-web?lang=en){:target="_blank"}.
```

> TikTok recommends advertisers use both Manual and Automatic Advanced Matching at the same time, as this setting maximizes Advanced Matching's full performance. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To maximize Advanced Matching's performance, TikTok recommends using both Manual and Automatic Advanced Matching at the same time. 
```

> ## PII Hashing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## PII hashing
```

> TikTok will automatically hash value with sha256 before value enters TikTok's system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- TikTok hashes all values with `sha256` before processing.
```

> - Phone number sent to TikTok should be normalized to the E.164 format. This format is a combination of +［country code]［phone number]. An example of a US number in the E.164 format: +12133734253

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Normalize phone numbers you send to TikTok with in the `E.164` format. This format is a combination of `+［country code]［phone number]`. For example: `+12133734253`.
```

> ## Data and Privacy Considerations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Data and privacy 
```

> Please refer [here](https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/policy/business-products-terms) for TikTok Business Products (Data) Terms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Visit TikTok's [docs](https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/policy/business-products-terms){:target="_blank"} to learn more about TikTok's privacy and data terms.
```

> ---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
